Composite Transformation Routines
=================================

The composite transformations have two purposes.  The first is to package the
most common composite transformations to simplify coding.  The second is to
facilitate the generalization of certain transformations across different types
of objects.  For example, camera and map descriptors may be interchanged in all
of the composite transformations involving image points.


Surface cordinate systems:
--------------------------
A surface coordinate system is a coordinate system describing positions in space
relative to the surface of a body, with the components organized in a specific
way.  It is a three-component system consisting of a pair of map-style 
coordinates (e.g. latitude, longitude) and an "altitude".  The map-style 
coordinates are centric, that is, defined as angles relative to the center of the 
coodinate system.  At present, three OMINAS objects use coordinate systems that
fit this description: GLOBE and DISK, and BODY.  For GLOBE and DISK their main
coordinate systems are surface systems; In the case of BODY, the surafce
coordinate system is the radec system.

Composite transformations involving the surface coordinate system may be used
interchangeably with any analogous transformation involving a specific
coordinate system that satisfies the definition of a surface system, as long as
the appropriate object descriptor is involved.  For example, the composite
transformation body_to_surface may be used in place of glb_body_to_globe as long
as a GLOBE descriptor is used.  If a DISK descriptor is used instead, then
surface_to_body may be used in place of dsk_body_to_disk.

Therefore, code that uses surface transformations can be applied to any objects
whose coordinate systems comply with the definition of the surface system. 
Project_map is an example of such a program.

Moreover, the surface coordinate system provides a direct link between surface
coordinate systems and the map coordinate system: transformations between
surface systems and the map system are achieved by simply copying, and
discarding (or zeroing out) the altitude coordinate.
